Stop unquoting %2F in paths (#1057)
aio-libs/yarl: CHANGES/1057.breaking.rst

> Stopped decoding ``%2F`` (``/``) in ``URL.path``, as this could lead to code incorrectly being treated as a path separator

Author: ```suggestion
Stopped decoding ``%2F`` (``/``) in ``URL.path``, as this could lead to code incorrectly treating it as a path separator
```

Reviewer: I'll fix it up when I do the release
